I'll write another section.
So let's have a look at what we've learned here in this section we're going to learn them one statistical
significance.
So we're going to talk about what it all is and we'll look at a very basic example hypothesis testing
to help us develop the intuition around it and it will show us what exactly is statistical means.
Then we'll talk about hypothesis testing the steps involved in a full hypothesis test and we'll actually
go through a live example.
Then we're going to be doing some hypothesis testing in terms of region rejection will be just a quick
tutorial to demonstrate.
The second approach or the there's actually two slightly varying versions of the hypothesis test that
you can take and we're going to cover both of them.
That's what the story is all about.
There are going to be talking about hypothesis testing assumptions.
So the important assumption that by hypothesis testing and you'll notice that this is quite a long tutorial.
That's not because our assumptions are complex you'll see that they're actually very simple and logical
assumptions.
But at the same time we're going to be talking a lot about the Indu intuition behind those assumptions
and also the underlying potential pitfalls that exist with those assumptions.
So that's going to be an interesting choice in terms of the way you look at assumptions and hopefully
we'll discover some some new things about these assumptions possibly something that you may have not
considered before and hopefully that will help you avoid making certain mistakes in the future.
Then we're going to be talking about proportion.
So it's another type of hypothesis testing slightly different as well but also very popular.
It tests instead of just testing the mean old test proportions in your population and samples are also
very powerful techniques.
And finally we'll have an exciting homework exercise at the end of the section and that's what we have
planned for this part of the course.
And I can't wait to see the first girl.
Until then happy analyzing.